DOC: Mention how to run only the remote_data tests (#64)
astropy/pytest-remotedata: README.rst

data sources will be skipped. This is indicated in the test code by marking
test functions with ``@pytest.mark.remote_data(source='astropy')``.

> Running only the tests marked as ``remote_data``, use the builtin pytest

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running only the tests marked as ``remote_data``, use the built-in pytest
```

> machinery e.g., ``pytest -m remote_data --remote-data``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
machinery, e.g., ``pytest -m remote_data --remote-data``.
```
